

I started with a very basic file with just one sphere in the center.
This file is called test and it created the image test.ppm
The light is in a more forward position.  I tried to give the settings a very
basic setting and the result is a red sphere partially visible

Then I increased the k values of the materials to make the sphere more
visible.  This is the file test2 and produces test2.ppm
Increasing the ka and kd values drastically made the sphere a more similar color.
This is expected becuse ka defines how the sphere is illuminated the indirect light.
A higher number making this stronger.  Also incresing kd also drascially increased the
amount of fallout present in the picture.

The next test was test there and this is when I changed the specular color of the
sphere to white and kept the ka value high.  This had a similar effect to test2
as expected because the ka was kept high, though there is more less fallout and
there is a noticable shadow on the base for the kd dropped.

This next test (test4) changed the n value (from 100 to 10). This drascially
caused the amount of the visible sphere to be reduced.
This is expected because a smaller n value means it has a smaller spot
where direct light is reflected.

The next test (test5) introduces more spheres into the scene so we can see how the 
view affects what we see. This scene also introduces 2 light sources.  It is seen by
how different spheres react to the light accordingly.

Test 6 changes the fov from 90 to 60.  This essentially acted as a zoom for the
angle we could see was smaller so this smaller window filled up an image
of the same size.

The next test (test7) changes the up dir from 0.0 1.0 0.0 to 0.8944 0.4472 0.0
This essentially changed the orientation of the image and rotated the picture.

The next test (test8) changes the eye. This moved the image, and distorted
the objects around the edges as they leave the feild of view.

The final test (test9) adds sphere layering to prove that it can handle spheres
being placed on top of one another.
